# Seeking-Tutor
The computer science department of EWU runs a programming club to help undergraduate students with their programming assignments. The club has a coordinator and several tutors to assist the students. The waiting area of the center has several chairs. Initially, all the chairs are empty. The coordinator is waiting for the students to arrive. The tutors are either waiting for the coordinator to notify that there are students waiting or they are busy tutoring. The tutoring area is different from the waiting area. A student, while programming for his project, decides to go to a club to get help from a tutor. After arriving at the club, the student sits in an empty chair in the waiting area and waits to be called for tutoring. If no chairs are available, the student will go back to programming and come back to the club later. Once a student arrives, the coordinator queues the student based on the student’s priority, and then the coordinator notifies an idle tutor. A tutor, once woken up, finds the student with the highest priority and begins tutoring. A tutor after helping a student, waits for the next student. A student after receiving help from a tutor goes back to programming. The priority of a student is based on the number of times the student has visited the club. A student visiting the club for the first time gets the highest priority. In general, a student visiting for the i th time has a priority higher than the priority of the student visiting for the kth time for any k > i. If two students have the same priority, then the student who came first has a higher priority.
Here, for implementing the code we were asked to use threads, semaphore and mutex. The total    number of students, the total number of tutors, number of chairs and the number of times a student can get help are given as the input. We have to ensure a few thing to implement the code
1.	Using student thread, tutor thread and coordinator thread.
2.	Using semaphore to synchronize the whole scenario.
3.	Use mutex to lock the critical section while one thread is using it.
4.	Make sure that the students are getting help based on their priorities.
5.	If the priority is same then make sure that the students are getting help based on their arrival time.
Code Description and Output:
Here in the code, we have used data structures, single linked list, mutex and semaphore function. We created student, coordinator, tutor thread to terminate the code successfully. After that we used size function to know the size of the threads, we also joined the student thread with the coordinator and tutor thread. Then we print the updates when all the students used their helps and then it will print the chair numbers, no of helps and terminate the code. By doing this the code runs successfully and shows all the valid results.
